# Project Title: Dislord
## Project description
Dislord is a real-time chat application built using Typescript, NodeJS, Express, React and PostgreSQL. It gives you an opportunity to create a chat with your friend and discuss all your favourite movies or games. Just sign in quickly via Google, it takes 2 clicks and around 5 seconds to get in and you are ready for your conversation!
## What does the project consist of?
- Developed Google authentication utilizing the packages providing by Google to add it upon and into React code. This approach is a must-have nowadays as nobody likes to spend several minutes filling those inputs to sign up an account, what's worse - making a new password up each time for a new website, it's horrible. So Google as always helps us out with that problem.
- Initially, the project was made with Javascript, as I was just learning and not aware of better ways like Typescript (Man, after trying it out, I am not sure I will ever return to pure Javascript). It's led to plenty of issues further the way, new annoying bugs out of nowhere. After a bit of suffering, I've decided to put Typescript on instead of Javascript. It took some time and a bit of my nerves, but on the other hand, I had fun doing it since it is hard and dangerous sometimes so I liked it.
- The same with Postgres, started with communicating to database using direct queries, but then got that it's time-consuming and not secure at all, so the solution came to add Sequelize and I don't regret I did at any rate.
